hello Phe fans how are we doing today
today's video is about music and how it
actually changed my life definitely
changed it for the better but we had to
travel all the way back to my hometown
of Dallas Texas to talk about this no
more New York City I mean look at this
it's a Super Target okay I'm gonna be
quiet cuz the only Justin's adorable
baby is sleeping you have the most
precious baby ever it's a big deal
they've been holding on to something
what is it it's my only electric guitar
that I still own so I used to own five
electric guitars multiple acoustic amps
Pebbles it was a lot and then I sold
everything to buy all my video equipment
to make this what I have now but this
guy this one's precious I'm very excited
alright let's check on it after all
these years being in moving cars storage
units is it still alive yeah beautiful
Wow
I'm so excited to finally be holding
this again so if you're new to my
channel you probably have no idea that
I've actually played electric guitar for
over 10 years and it was a huge part of
my life so it actually saved me during a
time that I had no idea what I was doing
with my life
I thought in middle school I was gonna
be a professional basketball player here
is some time to laugh
rest in peace basketball career right
now I am in the home that I grew up in
this is where I spent years 2 through 20
and in this room specifically that is a
guest bedroom right now but this used to
be my office I had all my guitar
equipment I had my desk I had my
recording equipment as I was in high
school and I was changing interest from
sports to music I went all-in I did all
of the babysitting all the work I could
do to like afford equipment and to be
able to jam out I basically was in two
different bands so I was in my church
band that played during the weeks and
also in the weekends but I was also in a
band band that we wrote our music we
played shows in Deep Ellum and Dallas on
the weekends it was good times
ok so I think we need to fire this thing
up this is a crappy practice a.m. that I
used to play on but if you guys know
guitar gear
I had a 1966 Fender band master head
into a speaker cabinet with a green back
Nov 30 and I had a sick black cat and
that was similar to a Vox and that
really had that bitey tone I haven't
picked up a guitar much less this guitar
in so long this guitar is kind of
special because it was an old Mexican
strat that was given to me by my uncle
and I had up my friend John Draper
completely redo it put this really a 6 e
phone finish on it have it relict and
then put new pickups in it and put a new
neck so this really is my kind of custom
guitar from my uncle which is kind of
special ok it turned on
this guitar has stayed in tune over two
years me a song hey when you seven major
nose with my toes with my toes my bacon
toes I'll serenade all you dirty hos
[Applause]
you missed going to show you mr.
rock'n'roll daughter mm-hmm I will say
there is nothing like being on stage
whether there's like two people or four
thousand people and just rocking an
instrument with the band the sickest
feeling ever
I agree we should start a band we really
should I'll be the lead singer perfect
and guitarist and drummer okay I'll be
the high beats you can do that playing
guitar at my church helped for me into
the human that I am I was able to be in
a lot of leadership positions where I
wasn't only just getting better at my
craft but I was actually leading people
to where you know I'd be in Mike and I
count the new songs in during the
service and the church I went to very
big and it was a big deal when I got to
play on during the weekend services it
was like the thing that is what I
watched when I was a kid and I was like
I want to play guitar so I could be up
on stage rocking out and we actually
went to a little Christmas service show
a couple days ago and this is kind of an
idea of the show that is put on
[Music]
and I was usually a part of the music
side of things so I would be on stage
playing guitar hexxus is so sunny and
beautiful I panty okay okay
so playing at my church was huge for me
because not only was I there playing on
the weekends but there were so many
rehearsals and a lot of time where I was
just learning and I had a ton of mentors
there who taught me everything I know
but on the side there was also a bad
habit
[Music]
the reason why music changed my life was
in high school I was kind of lost you
know basketball wasn't working out and I
found this new thing guitar it was mine
I was practicing all the time because I
really wasn't hanging out with friends I
never went to movies I never went to
parties it just wasn't fun for me music
ultimately led me to my first really
good group of friends but for a while
there in high school I didn't have like
a squad which kind of sucks and maybe
you feel like that way but it really
helps to find something you're
passionate about and just surround
yourself with kind of like-minded
individuals so that was my band for me
that was like my church and it got it
was just it was so much fun
and music was really kind of like my
North Star when
yeah nothing else was
I don't have a pick but once I started
learning John Mayer songs that's when I
learned to just play with my right hand
[Music]
fast forward post high school when I was
in college guitar just wasn't as fun um
but it just became too much about what
gear I was using unless about learning
new things and pushing really pushing
myself and you know I wasn't Taylor
Swift's guitar player yeah I wasn't on
tour living the life so that dream just
seemed more far away for me and so I
would film music videos where my band
and I would start falling in love with
the video side of it I borrowed my dad's
can t3i oh my gosh I'm obsessed with
this and then I slowly started to self
guitar equipment I saw the guitar here a
pebble here for camera equipment and I
started laughing taking videos and
making videos and then I started
traveling the first video that it really
clicked for me is when I went on just a
short trip with my friend to Miami I
made a cool video for that I was stoked
on it and then I made a video going to
Greece and when I made that Greece video
it's like this is sick so now I was just
falling in love with putting moving
images to these six songs and I just
loved music so much hopefully now that I
am mainly making videos that is a part I
can move along the story enhance the
story with the music I'm using just
because I I just I love it and I have
such a respect for musicians out there
or artists who are out there hustling
because being a musician is really hard
and it's really hard to make money from
it I'm thankful for everyone who sends
me music it's sometimes a challenge to
sift through everything but there's so
many talented people and so many
talented artists that I used that I just
I'm I want to link all of my favorites
in the description below and
maybe you guys can check him out if you
make videos as well so this was the
first full-length song that I ever
learned I was obsessed with a band named
Switchfoot and this song was actually on
now 16 do you guys remember the now CDs
I still think I still think they're a
thing this is called meant to live
[Applause]
[Music]
a few more days here in Texas it has
been a fun one so far a lot of nostalgia
a lot of hanging out with family and old
friends and just the old vibes of music
and I'm so glad I have my guitar now I'm
gonna try to bring that back to New York
City I'm kind of getting the bug again
I'm starting to think should I buy some
new guitar equipment should I play more
[Music]
I'm been the camera you can seriously to
get up anyways I just wanted to thank
you guys so much for watching this video
John's link will definitely not be in
the description at all um and I hope you
guys are just having the greatest
holidays apologies for the minimal
uploads last week I've been hanging out
of than chillin
but let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button for new videos
every single week come hang out be a
part of the peachy fam the most creative
family yeah
[Music]
stay peachy guess I kept the body
you
[Music]